modules/artifact-bucket/README.md, before:

# Artifact Bucket

Creates an S3 bucket suitable for storing artifacts for AWS CodePipeline.

The bucket will block public access and enable encryption and versioning by
default. A KMS key can be provided for custom encryption settings.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.14.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 3.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 3.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_s3_bucket.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_public_access_block) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_kms_key"></a> [kms\_key](#input\_kms\_key) | Encryption key for objects in this bucket | `object({ id = string })` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name for this S3 bucket | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | Prefix to be applied to created resources | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Tags to be applied to created resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Add outputs for artifact bucket and CodeStar

modules/artifact-bucket/README.md, after:

# Artifact Bucket

Creates an S3 bucket suitable for storing artifacts for AWS CodePipeline.

The bucket will block public access and enable encryption and versioning by
default. A KMS key can be provided for custom encryption settings.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.14.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 3.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 3.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_s3_bucket.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_public_access_block) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_kms_key"></a> [kms\_key](#input\_kms\_key) | Encryption key for objects in this bucket | `object({ id = string })` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name for this S3 bucket | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | Prefix to be applied to created resources | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Tags to be applied to created resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_arn"></a> [arn](#output\_arn) | ARN of the created bucket |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | Name of the created bucket |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
